add docker-compose (#6)
cap-collectif/developers: docs/getting-started/dev-environment.md

  - Check your docker version using `docker -v` ;
  - Check your docker-component version using `docker-compose -v` ;

:::tip

> docker-compose is installed with docker engine but need some adjustment, run commands : 
> 
> Download files corresponding to your environment https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/v2.17.0 
> 
> ```bash
> curl -L https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/v2.17.0/docker-compose-linux-x86_64 > docker-compose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker-compose is now included in docker engine, but our scripts still need `docker-compose` command.

Check if a version corresponds to your environment on this page: https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/v2.17.0 
Run following commands (ajusting first url if needed):

```bash
curl -L https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/v2.17.0/docker-compose-linux-x86_64 > docker-compose
```
